item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item3036	It has also been linked to mastitis, a painful inflammation of the udder. 
item3037	Milk consumers worry about exposure to it through dairy products. The science behind some of these claims is unclear. 
item3038	In a Lok Sabha answer in two thousand fifteen, the National Dairy Research Institute was quoted as saying there was no evidence that oxytocin led to infertility. 
item3039	A two thousand fourteen study by researchers at the National Institute of Nutrition concluded that oxytocin content in buffalo milk did not alter with injections.
item3040	However, even if the ill-effects of oxytocin are real, a ban is not the answer. 
item3041	Oxytocin is simply too important to Indian women, forty five thousand of whom die due to causes related to childbirth each year. 
item3042	A parallel to the situation lies in the misuse of antibiotics in humans and poultry. 
item3043	So heavily are these drugs used that they are causing deadly bacteria to become resistant to them. 
item3044	Yet, despite calls for a complete ban on over-the-counter sale of antibiotics, India has been reluctant to do so. 
item3045	In much of rural India, more people still die due to a lack of antibiotics than due to antibiotic-resistance. This has swung the cost-benefit ratio against outright bans. 
item3046	In oxytocins case, if only a single public sector unit manufactures the drug, as the government plans, this could lead to drug shortages and price hikes.
item3047	Karnataka Antibiotics & Pharmaceuticals Limited, the drugmaker tasked with manufacturing oxytocin, has been asked to cap the price at sixteen rupees for one milli litre of a five international unit solution. 
item3048	However, some private manufacturers were selling it for Four Rupees until now. 
item3049	Monopolising production will remove the low-price options from the market. 
item3050	Such a situation may benefit cattle, but will put the lives of many women at risk.
item3051	Small shops, basements, tin sheds and godowns. 
item3052	These are not random workplaces but places where private Industrial Training Institutes are running in the country. 
item3053	Disturbing facts such as these come from the report of the Standing Committee on Labour headed by Bharatiya Janata Party MP Kirit Somaiya, 
item3054	On the Industrial Training Institutes and Skill Development Initiative Scheme of the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship . 
item3055	It was submitted to Parliament few months ago.
item3056	What explains this huge private sector scale-up? The committee says that it is not efficiency but a disregard for norms and standards. 
item3057	However, the ITIs are not alone. The National Skill Development Corporation today has more than six thousand private training centres. 
item3058	Since it has short-term courses and its centres open and close frequently, it is all the more prone to a dilution of standards. 
item3059	Private training partners have mushroomed at the rate of five a day (mostly with government support) 
item3060	It is clear that the government has been unable to regulate private institutions for quality. 
item3061	These things gave great uneasiness to Tory churchmen. 
item3062	Nor were the most respectable Roman Catholic noblemen much better pleased. 
item3063	They might indeed have been excused if passion had, at this conjuncture, made them deaf to the voice of prudence and justice: for they had suffered much.
item3064	Protestant jealousy had degraded them from the rank to which they were born, had closed the doors of the Parliament House on the heirs of barons who had signed the Charter, 
item3065	Had pronounced the command of a company of foot too high a trust for the descendants of the generals who had conquered at Flodden and Saint Quentin. 
item3066	There was scarcely one eminent peer attached to the old faith whose honour, whose estate, whose life had not been in jeopardy, 
item3067	Who had not passed months in the Tower, who had not often anticipated for himself the fate of Stanford. 
item3068	Men who had been so long and cruelly oppressed might have been pardoned if they had eagerly seized the first opportunity of obtaining at once greatness and revenge. 
item3069	But neither fanaticism nor ambition, neither resentment for past wrongs nor the intoxication produced by sudden good fortune, 
item3070	Could prevent the most eminent Roman Catholics from perceiving that the prosperity which they at length enjoyed was only temporary, and, unless wisely used, might be fatal to them. 
item3071	They had been taught, by a cruel experience, that the antipathy of the nation to their religion was not a fancy which would yield to the mandate of a prince, 
item3072	But a profound sentiment, the growth of five generations, diffused through all ranks and parties, and intertwined not less closely with the principles of the Tory than with the principles of the Whig.
item3073	It was indeed in the power of the King, by the exercise of his prerogative of mercy, to suspend the operation of the penal laws. 
item3074	It might hereafter be in his power, by discreet management, to obtain from the Parliament a repeal of the acts which imposed civil disabilities on those who professed his religion. 
item3075	But, if he attempted to subdue the Protestant feeling of England by rude means, 
item3076	It was easy to see that the violent compression of so powerful and elastic a spring would be followed by as violent a recoil.
